docs: add note about runtime config serialization (#8432)
nuxt/framework: docs/content/2.guide/4.going-further/10.runtime-config.md

When using Options API the public runtime config is available via `this.$config.public`.
::

### Serialization

> Internally, the runtime config is intentionally serialized and then deserialized again by nuxt. This means that runtime config that cannot be serialized and then correctly deserialized (e.g., functions), will not be available in your app as the original value they were defined as inside your `nuxt.config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your runtime config will be serialized before being passed to Nitro. This means that anything that cannot be serialized and then deserialized (such as functions, Sets, Maps, and so on), should not be set in your `nuxt.config`.
```

> If you want to pass values into your application that are not the same after a de-/serialization you can write runtime code that creates these more complex values (e.g., functions) based on a serializable runtime config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of passing non-serializable objects or functions into your application from your `nuxt.config`, you can write runtime code in a Nuxt or Nitro plugin or middleware.
```
